changing vault.audit.log_response_failure metric doc (#26038)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/telemetry-metrics/vault/audit/log_response_failure.mdx

| Metric type | Value  | Description                                             |
|-------------|--------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| counter     | number | Number of audit log response failures across all devices |

The number of request failures is a **crucial metric**.

A non-zero value for `vault.audit.log_response_failure` indicates that all of

> the configured audit log devices failed to respond to Vault. If Vault cannot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the configured audit log devices failed to log a response to a request to Vault. If Vault cannot
```
Hey Gerard, I was having a look at the PR and I noticed this next line is also incorrect, so here is a quick suggestion to fix that up. Thanks for making our docs better, btw!
